  ------------------
  **Case Reports**
  ------------------

[Opening a Report]{.underline}

The **Case Report** tab is opened from the Premier Responder Supervisor
window [**QA Cases** tab](Case%20Review.htm).  On the **Case Report**
tab, the formatted case report appears in a text box with limited
editing functionality.  This is for review and evaluation purposes. 
Selecting the **Grade** toolbar button opens the [**Grade Call**
tab](Case%20Eval.htm) which is used to QA the call.  The **Recordings**
toolbar button is used to open the [Call
Recordings](Call%20Recordings.htm) tab, which requires the VPI Empower
communications recording and quality improvement software.  To close the
**Case Report** tab and return to the [**QA Cases**
tab](Case%20Review.htm), select the **Case Report** tab **File - Close**
menu item or the **X** toolbar button.

![](Case%20Reports_files/image004.png){border="0" width="640"
height="192"}

[Report Sections]{.underline}

At the top of the report is the header.  It includes entries for the
**Case Number**, **Dispatcher**, **Call Time**, and **Call Length**. 
The **Dispatch Time** and **Call Score** can be included with the
**Include Time To Dispatch** and **Include Call Score** settings on the
[CAD Interface configuration screen](Cad%20Interface%20Settings.htm),
but are omitted by default.  These settings do not affect the contents
of existing reports.  Following the report header are sections
containing entries for the **[General
Questions](General%20Questions.htm)** and **[Vital
Points](Vital%20Points.htm)**.  If there are
**[SOP](Standard%20Operating%20Procedure.htm)** remarks, they appear
after the **[Vital Points](Vital%20Points.htm)** section.  Last in the
report is the **Events** section, showing each call-taker action
together with an associated time stamp.

![](Case%20Reports_files/image002.png){border="0" width="639"
height="400"}

[Adding Comments to a Report]{.underline}

Comments can be added to the case report, either at the end of a line or
between lines.  To add a comment, position the cursor appropriately and
enter the desired text.  Note that the original report content and
previously saved comments cannot be altered.  Comments show up in red in
order to stand out.

![](Case%20Reports_files/image003.png){border="0" width="639"
height="400"}

[Saving and Hiding Comments in Report]{.underline}

For case reports with comments, the **Comments - Hide** menu item is
enabled.  Use the **Comments - Hide** menu item to hide comments.  With
comments hidden, the **Comments - View** menu item is enabled and the
**Comments - Hide** menu item is disabled.  To reveal hidden comments,
select the **Comments - View** menu item.

![](Case%20Reports_files/Image001.png){border="0" width="640"
height="193"}

Selecting the **Comments - Save** menu item saves the case report.  Note
with comments hidden the **Comments - Save** menu item is disabled. 
Also note that saved comments are permanent.  Before saving, be sure
comments have been correctly entered and are not hidden.

[Saving a Report to a File]{.underline}

Use the **File - Save** menu item on the **Case Report** tab toolbar to
save the case report to a rich text file.  Selecting **File - Save**
opens the standard **Save As** dialog window.  To save the report,
browse to the desired folder, enter a file name and select the **Save**
button.  Note with comments hidden that the saved document will not
include comments.

![](Case%20Reports_files/image005.png){border="0" width="639"
height="189"}

[Printing a Report]{.underline}

To print the case report, select the **File - Print** menu item on the
**Case Report** tab toolbar.  This opens the standard **Print** dialog
window with **All** being the only enabled option in the **Print
range**.  On the **Print** dialog window, specify the desired printer
and number of copies then select the **OK** button to print the entire
report. Note with comments hidden that the printed document will not
include comments.
