  ---------------------
  **Case Evaluation**
  ---------------------

[Grade Call Tab]{.underline}

Case evaluation is implemented on the **Grade Call** tab of the Premier
Responder Supervisor window.  It includes editing functionality for
creating grade sheets and also scoring functionality for grading calls. 
To open the **Grade Call** tab, select the the **Grade** toolbar button
on the [Case Report tab](Case%20Reports.htm).  The information in the
**Case Evaluation** header is automatically filled in.  To close the
**Grade Call** tab, select the **X** toolbar button.  Note that
evaluation changes are automatically saved and are reloaded upon
subsequently selecting the case for grading.

![](Case%20Eval_files/image001.png){border="0" width="639" height="400"}

[Creating Grade Sheets]{.underline}

The combo box and center toolbar buttons are used to create, select and
edit grade sheets.  To create a grade sheet, enter a unique description
in the toolbar combo box then select the **Add** button.  An empty grade
sheet is created and automatically selected.

![](Case%20Eval_files/image002.png){border="0" width="404" height="107"}

The grade sheet selected in the combo drop down list appears below the
**Case Evaluation** header.  Grade sheets are composed of the following
integral parts:

-   a single grade sheet node

-   multiple section nodes attached to the grade sheet node

-   multiple requirement nodes attached to a section node

With the grade sheet node selected, the description can be changed with
the **Edit** button or the grade sheet removed with the **Delete**
button.  When a grade sheet is deleted, all related section and
requirement nodes are also deleted.

![](Case%20Eval_files/image003.png){border="0" width="384" height="282"}

[Adding Sections]{.underline}

Sections are added by clicking on the **Add** toolbar button with the
grade sheet node selected.  A new section appears having a generic
description.  To change the description, first select the section node
then the **Edit** toolbar button.  Use the **Delete** button to remove
the selected section or the arrow buttons to change the order.  Note
that deleting a section removes attached requirements.  Also note when
moving a section, attached requirements are also moved.

![](Case%20Eval_files/image004.png){border="0" width="639" height="400"}

[Adding Requirements]{.underline}

Requirements are created by clicking on the **Add** toolbar button with
a section node selected.  A new requirement having a generic description
appears.  To change the description, first select the requirement node
then the **Edit** button.  Use the **Delete** button to remove the
selected requirement or the arrow buttons to change the order.  Point
values are assigned with **Show Check Box** checked and making an entry
in the **Value** field.  A deduction is indicated by a negative value. 
To hide the check box, uncheck **Show Check Box**.

![](Case%20Eval_files/image005.png){border="0" width="639" height="400"}

[Grading Calls]{.underline}

To grade the indicated call, first select the desired grade sheet in the
toolbar combo box.  Next, in the **Case Evaluation** box, check off each
completed requirement or any applicable deductions.  The grade showing
in the **Case Evaluation** header is automatically updated.  To see
point totals, select the grade sheet node or one of the section nodes. 
Comments can be entered for any grade sheet, section, or requirement
node by selecting a node and making an entry in the **Comments** field.

![](Case%20Eval_files/image006.png){border="0" width="639" height="400"}

[Saving and Printing Graded Calls]{.underline}

The **Final** toolbar button is used to save the completed case
evaluation.  After saving, an evaluation report is generated and appears
with the final grade.  Note that, for graded calls, editing and grading
functionality is disabled.  Selecting the print button sends the report
to the default printer.

![](Case%20Eval_files/image007.png){border="0" width="639" height="400"}
