  ------------------
  **Email Alerts**
  ------------------

[Introduction]{.underline}

**Email Alerts** is a part of the Premier Responder Supervisor module. 
Its purpose is to continuously monitor Premier Responder calls for
occurrences of predefined events, hereafter known as alerts, and to send
out notifications via email once an alert is triggered.  To start, login
to Premier Responder Supervisor and click the **Tools-Email Alerts**
menu item.

![](Email%20Alert/image001.png){border="0" width="639" height="161"}

[Main Form Description]{.underline}

  Located on the Email Alerts tab are the following controls:

-   The **File** and **Edit** menu buttons.
-   The [Alert Monitor](Alert%20Monitor.htm), [Alert
    Editor](Alert%20Editor.htm), [Email Setup](Email%20Setup.htm), [Data
    Setup](Data%20Setup.htm), and [Alert Logs](Alert%20Logs.htm) sub
    tabs.
-   The **Status**, **Emails Sent**, and **Errors Logged** status bar
    panels.

![](Email%20Alert/image002.png){border="0" width="639" height="400"}

[Getting Started]{.underline}

When starting for the first time, the Email Alerts status indicates
\"Alert Monitoring Disabled\".  Software configuration is covered in the
online help subjects entitled \"[Locating Premier Responder
Data](Data%20Setup.htm)\" and \"[Email Configuration
Settings](Email%20Setup.htm)\".  Once the software is configured, alerts
can be created and then monitored.  The [Alert
Editor](Alert%20Editor.htm) subject in the help explains how alerts are
added.  With the software configured and alerts entered, monitoring of
the alerts will begin as soon as the editors are locked by going to
**Edit -\> Enable Alert Monitoring** and supplying a locking password. 
Refer to the [Alert Monitor](Alert%20Monitor.htm) subject in the help
for more on how monitoring works.

[Security]{.underline}

A security feature has been provided to protect configuration settings
and alerts from being modified.  To access the feature select the
**Edit/Lock** menu item on the main form.  This brings up the **Lock
Alert Editor** dialog window.

![](Email%20Alert/image003.png){border="0" width="300" height="200"}

Enter the same password in two text boxes then select the **OK** button
to activate the security feature.  This hides the [Alert
Editor](Alert%20Editor.htm), [Email Setup](Email%20Setup.htm), and [Data
Setup](Data%20Setup.htm) tabs and the **File/Open** menu item,
preventing the current configuration from being changed.

![](Email%20Alert/image004.png){border="0" width="640" height="127"}

To deactivate the security feature, select the **Edit/Unlock** menu item
on the main form.  The **Unlock Alert Editor** dialog window is
displayed.  Type in the previously entered password and select the OK
button to deactivate the security feature.  The hidden tabs and menu
items on the main form will again appear.

![](Email%20Alert/image005.png){border="0" width="273" height="140"}

[Exiting the Module]{.underline}

To quit out of the Email Alerts module select the **File/Exit** menu
item or the X at the top right of the tab.
