  -----------------------
  **Primary Questions**
  -----------------------

[Primary Questions]{.underline}

The primary questions for the selected call type appear on the Universal
Questions tab of the active call window and include those other than the
name, location, phone, and call type.  Responses are made either by
selecting an item from a drop down list or by entering text into the
data field.  Note that the text to the left of the answer box can also
contain hyperlinks.  Selecting a hyperlink performs an action such as
opening a procedure window or changing the complaint selection.  The
primary questions are created in the [Universal Questions
Editor](General%20Questions%20Editor.htm) found in the administrator
application.

![](General%20Questions_files/image001.png){border="0" width="697"
height="501"}

[Complaint Selection]{.underline}

The guide cards for the selected call type are listed in the chief
complaint question drop down that is configured in the [Universal
Questions Editor](General%20Questions%20Editor.htm).  Prior to selecting
a complaint, the subsequent tabs of the active call window are blank. 
The complaint selection determines the information that populates these
tabs.  To move past the primary questions to the [Key
Questions](Vital%20Points.htm) or another tab, a complaint selection
must be made.

[Remote Operation]{.underline}

With a CAD system having an interface to Premier Responder,
notifications are sent when an entry is made.  Notifications include a
narrative that can be configured using the settings on the [Universal
Questions Narrative Settings configuration
screen](General%20Questions%20Narrative%20Settings.htm).  Additionally,
the complaint may be set remotely by CAD.

[Required Entries]{.underline}

By default, question entries are optional.  To make an entry required,
check the **Mandatory** check box found on the **Question** properties
screen of the [Universal Questions
Editor](General%20Questions%20Editor.htm).  Optionally, the font style
or color can be changed as an indication that an entry is required.
