  ---------------------
  **Getting Started**
  ---------------------

# Starting

The Premier Responder
[Administrator](Premier%20Responder%20Administrator.htm), [Call
Taker](Premier%20Responder%20Call-Taker.htm), and
[Supervisor](Premier%20Responder%20Supervisor.htm) applications can be
started either by double clicking the corresponding desktop icon or by
selecting the related menu item in the **Start** menu **Premier
Responder** folder.  If the software has not been activated then the
[activation dialog](Software%20Activation.htm) will appear, otherwise
software initialization will begin and the Premier Responder splash
screen appears.  Seen at the bottom of the splash screen are the
customized guide card set and software version.  Once loading completes,
the application\'s [main form](Main%20Form.htm) is displayed.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/Getting Started_files/image001.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure> 

# The Administrator Login

An operator is required to [log in](Logging%20In.htm) to Premier
Responder before being allowed to record a call or do any data entry. 
The \"Administrator\" login has access to all Premier Responder
applications.

# Navigating Forms Using the Keyboard

Before a control on a form can receive user input via the keyboard the
form and control must have the focus.  Focus on a form is indicated by a
change in color of the title bar and the form will typically come to the
front.  To move the focus between forms using the keyboard select the
Alt key together with the Tab key.  Focus for a control is indicated by
a cursor on or around the control.  The Yes/No check boxes on the [Vital
Points Tab](Vital%20Points.htm) of the active call window indicate focus
with bold, underlined, and italicized text.  To move the focus between
controls, use the Tab key to go forward and the Shift key together with
the Tab key to go backward.  The Alt key will move the focus to the menu
bar of a form.  Once the menu bar has the focus, the arrow keys will
move the cursor between menu items and open sub-level menus.  Selecting
the Enter key will trigger the menu item action and the Esc key can be
used to close sub-level menus.  The arrow keys will also move the focus
between tabs on a tab control, and between options within an option
group.  A button with the focus can be activated using the Enter key. 
Use the space bar to change the state of a check box.   

# Menu Access Keys

Access keys for top-level and sub-level menu items are indicated by an
underlined letter in the caption text.  To trigger the menu item action,
depress the Alt key together with the access key.  Sub-level menus
containing the menu item must be open to trigger the action.

# Menu Keyboard Shortcuts

Shortcut keys may also be associated with sub-level menu items.  A
shortcut key will be indicated to the right of the menu item caption. 
Selecting the shortcut key triggers the menu item action regardless of
the sub-level menu being open.

# Getting Started Topics

-   [Main Form](Main%20Form.htm)
-   [Logging In](Logging%20In.htm)
-   [Logging Out](Logging%20Out.htm)
