  ---------------
  **Main Form**
  ---------------

# Basic Functions

Each Premier Responder application main window includes basic
functionality found in the **File**, **Font Size** and **Help** menus. 
Within the **File** menu, the **Home** and **Exit** menu items are
always enabled.  Their purpose is described in the paragraphs that
follow.  The [Log In](Logging In.md) and [Log Out](Logging Out.md)
menu items are conditionally enabled, depending on the current login
state.  Their use is covered in help topics.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/Main Form_files/image001.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

The **Font Size** menu is used to enlarge or reduce the size of fonts
appearing in control labels, menu items, lists, and text box content
within the application.  A check appears beside the current selection. 
Changing the selection also affects the size of all application
windows.  Selections range from a low of 08.25 points to a high of 15.00
points.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/Main Form_files/image005.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Inside the **Help** menu, the **Contents**, **Search**, and **About**
menu items are always enabled.  The **Contents**  menu item opens the
help window table of contents and the **Search** menu item the help
window terms index.  Use the **About** menu item to open the About
dialog window from which the software version can be found.  The
**Deactivate Licensing** menu item is enabled when logged on as an
administrator if the software has been activated.  It is provided should
the need arise to transfer a license to another position.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/Main Form_files/image004.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

# Home Function

The **File - Home** menu item positions the main window at the top left
corner of the screen.  Any child windows that happen to be open are
cascaded down and to the right.  If any of the Premier Responder
application windows are obscured or do not appear within the viewable
desktop area, the **Ctrl + H** shortcut key combination can be used to
bring them into view.  Prior to homing with the shortcut keys, first
select the application icon on the taskbar or in the running task list
using the Alt + Tab keys.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/Main Form_files/image002.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

# Exiting Software

To terminate any of the Premier Responder applications select the
**File - Exit** menu item or the close (\'X\') button at the top right
corner of the window.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/Main Form_files/image003.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>
