  -----------------
  **Terminology**
  -----------------

[Terms Window]{.underline}

The Terms window is used to look up definitions for terms and
abbreviations.  Terminology and abbreviations are entered in the [Terms
Editor](Terms%20Editor.htm).  To bring up the Terms window, select the
**Terms** button on the Premier Responder active call window after
starting a case.  Select the close button (red \'X\'), located in the
top right hand corner of the window to exit the Terms window.

[Terminologies]{.underline}

The **Call Type** and **Terminology** drop downs are used to select a
specific terminology to load.  When the Terms window opens, the **Call
Type** is automatically set to the current call type if a call is in
progress, otherwise it is set to the **Default Call Type** (specified on
the [Call-Taking Component configuration
screen](Call-Taking%20Component%20Settings.htm)).  The **Terminology**
selection then defaults to the first item in the list.  To load a
different term, make another selection from either drop down.

[Abbreviations Tab]{.underline}

Abbreviations and their associated terms are listed on the
**Abbreviations** tab.  The abbreviations are shown in the left column,
and the term in the right.  Selecting either the abbreviation or term
highlights the entire row.  Additionally, if the glossary contains a
definition, it is automatically selected.

![](Medical%20Terms_files/image001.png){border="0" width="596"
height="400"}

[Glossary Tab]{.underline}

The Glossary tab is used to look up the definition for a term. This is
done by either:

-   Making a selection from the **Term** drop down list.
-   Entering the name of a term in the **Term** box.

A description of the selected term is shown in the **Definition** box.

![](Medical%20Terms_files/image002.png){border="0" width="596"
height="400"}
