  ----------------------------------------
  **Emergency Response Guidebook (ERG)**
  ----------------------------------------

The ERG window is a computer based version of the Department of
Transportation\'s Emergency Response Guidebook.  It is accessed from the
active call window by selecting the ERG button.  Accessible from the ERG
form are 62 individual guides containing safety recommendations and
emergency response information for over 3500 chemical substances.  Each
guide is designed to cover a group of materials which possess similar
chemical and toxicological characteristics.  The guide information is
organized into Potential Hazards, Public Safety and Emergency Response
sections.

![](NAERG%20Guide%20Book_files/image001.png){border="0" width="598"
height="468"}

Guides can be selected for viewing on the ERG window by entering a
chemical ID number, chemical name or guide number in the appropriate box
and then depressing the enter key.  Alternatively, a selection can be
made from one of the drop downs. 

![](NAERG%20Guide%20Book_files/image002.png){border="0" width="598"
height="468"}

If a material cannot be identified by an ID number or name, a guide
selection can also be made by selecting the Placards tab and then
scrolling through a series of placard images.  Use the scrollbar located
just below the tabs to step through the available placards until a match
is found.  An orange Guide Number background indicates there is
information regarding the compatibility group letter located on the
Supplemental Information tab.

![](NAERG%20Guide%20Book_files/image007.png){border="0" width="598"
height="468"}

When a guide is loaded, the title appears to the right of the Guide
Number box and the remaining guide information is seen on the Potential
Hazards, Public Safety and Emergency Response tabs.  A conditional
warning composed with a red font appears below the guide title for
materials which present a polymerization hazard.  The ID Number box is
used to indicate those materials which are toxic-by-inhalation (TIH),
yellow background, or which react with water to produce TIH gases, blue
background.  For these materials, the Isolation and Water Reactive tabs
are populated and the background color changes to indicate where to find
the related TIH information.

![](NAERG%20Guide%20Book_files/image003.png){border="0" width="598"
height="468"}

Selecting the Isolation tab brings up the Isolation tables and
controls.  The information presented on the tab suggests distances which
are useful to protect people from vapors resulting from spills of the
material.  The Previous and Next buttons are enabled when the substance
identified by the chemical ID number is listed with multiple names, the
names possibly indicating different forms or uses of the material. 
These can be selected to view the different listings. 

![](NAERG%20Guide%20Book_files/image004.png){border="0" width="598"
height="468"}

A blue background in the ID Number box indicates the chemical reacts
with water to produce one or more TIH gases.  The Water Reactive tab
changes to the same color, indicating where to find related TIH
information.  Select the tab to bring it to the forefront.

![](NAERG%20Guide%20Book_files/image005.png){border="0" width="598"
height="468"}

Shown at the top of the Water Reactive Substance tab is the material ID
number and name together with the chemical formulas for the resulting
TIH gases which are produced when a reaction with water occurs.  Located
below these is a table for interpreting the chemical formula.

![](NAERG%20Guide%20Book_files/image006.png){border="0" width="598"
height="468"}

[ Table 3 includes initial isolation and protective action distances for
large spills for the following TIH (PIH in the US)
gases:]{style="font-size:12.0pt;font-family:\"Times New Roman\",\"serif\""}

-   [ Ammonia, anhydrous
    (UN1005)]{style="font-size:12.0pt;font-family:\"Times New Roman\",\"serif\""}

-   [ Chlorine
    (UN1017)]{style="font-size:12.0pt;font-family:\"Times New Roman\",\"serif\""}

-   [ Ethylene oxide
    (UN1040)]{style="font-size:12.0pt;font-family:\"Times New Roman\",\"serif\""}

-   [ Hydrogen chloride, anhydrous (UN1050) and Hydrogen chloride,
    refrigerated liquid
    (UN2186)]{style="font-size:12.0pt;font-family:\"Times New Roman\",\"serif\""}

-   [ Hydrogen fluoride, anhydrous
    (UN1052)]{style="font-size:12.0pt;font-family:\"Times New Roman\",\"serif\""}

-   [ Sulfur dioxide/Sulphur dioxide
    (UN1079)]{style="font-size:12.0pt;font-family:\"Times New Roman\",\"serif\""}

Large spill isolation distances seen on the Isolation tab for these
materials will indicate Table 3.

![](NAERG%20Guide%20Book_files/image008.png){border="0" width="598"
height="468"}

[ When colored yellow, the Table 3 tab provides initial isolation and
protective action distances for large spills (more than 208 liters or 55
US gallons) involving different container types (therefore different
volume capacities) for day time and night time situations and different
wind
speeds.]{style="font-size:12.0pt;font-family:\"Times New Roman\",\"serif\""}

![](NAERG%20Guide%20Book_files/image009.png){border="0" width="598"
height="468"}

Note that the database utilized by the tabs described above does not
reproduce the Emergency Response Guidebook as it appears in its full
printed format. The data does contain all the information presented in
the Material Name (yellow and blue pages), Guides (orange pages), and
Isolation/Protective (green pages) sections.

Finally, operator activity within the ERG window, including a time stamp
for each action, is recoded in the Events section of the [case
report](Case%20Reports.htm).  Additionally, a narrative message to a CAD
system that occurs upon selection of a material, guide or placard can be
configured on the [SOP/ERG Narrative configuration
screen](SOP-ERG%20Narrative%20Settings.htm) within the Administrator
application.
