  ---------------------
  **Online Stations**
  ---------------------

[Online Stations Tab]{.underline}

The **Online Stations** tab is used to monitor call-taking
workstations.  Running call-taker instances [configured to archive to
the same database](Archiving%20Calls.htm) as the supervisor position
appear in the **Sessions** list at the top of the tab.  The **Event
Log** of the selected session is seen below.  To open **Online
Stations** tab, log into Premier Responder Supervisor and select the
**Tools** - **Online Stations** menu item.

![](Online%20Stations_files/image001.png){border="0" width="639"
height="400"}

[Sessions List]{.underline}

The **Sessions** list includes *Workstation*, *Operator*, *Case*
*Number*, *Address*, *Emergency* and *Priority* columns.  Column values
are taken from the current or most recently entered call.  If a value is
not available then the related column is blank.  Green rows  indicate
stations that are idle (running but not logged in or waiting for a call)
while red designates positions engaged in taking a call. 

![](Online%20Stations_files/image002.png){border="0" width="618"
height="137"}

[Event Log]{.underline}

When a selection is made in the **Sessions** list, the **Event Log** for
the current or previously entered call appears below.  The **Event Log**
header appears at the top and included the *Case Number*, *Dispatcher*
(or operator) and *Call Time*.  Events seen below the header are stamped
with the time elapsed since the start of the call.  The **Event Log**
automatically scrolls to the most recent entries.

![](Online%20Stations_files/image003.png){border="0" width="639"
height="400"}

[Idle Alert]{.underline}

An idle alert is triggered when there is no activity for a set time
period at a position with an active call.  The time period is set by
making a selection in the drop down list on the toolbar.  When
triggered, the Online Stations tab changes red as well as the idle
position entry in the **Sessions** list (if not selected).  Subsequent
activity at the idle position clears the alert.

![](Online%20Stations_files/image004.png){border="0" width="619"
height="187"}
