  --------------------------------
  **Priority Categories Editor**
  --------------------------------

[Edit Priority Categories Tab]{.underline}

Priority categories represent the different levels of urgency used when
dispatching units to the scene of an emergency.  They are entered on the
**Priority Categories** edit screen of the administrator application and
subsequently appear on the [Priority tab](Priorities.htm) of the call
taker application active call window.  To access the **Priority
Categories** edit screen, select the **Edit** - **Call Types** menu item
on the Premier Responder Administrator main window after logging in. 
Note that editing is enabled for priority categories other than
medical.  Changes to the medical priority categories require the
approval of the local medical director.

![](Priority%20Categories%20Editor/Image001.png){border="0" width="655"
height="207"}

[Indicating The Call Type]{.underline}

Before priority categories can be entered, a selection must first be
made from the **Select** listbox, located on the Call Types sub tab. 
Once a call type has been selected, associated categories are loaded
into the **Priority Categories** list.  Additionally, the **New**
button, showing an image of a blank sheet of paper on the face, is
enabled.

![](Priority%20Categories%20Editor/Image002.png){border="0" width="655"
height="294"}

[Adding A Category]{.underline}

Use the **New** button to add another category.  The added category
appears at the bottom of the list, is assigned the name **New
Category**, and is automatically selected.  Once a category has been
selected, the other buttons on the window become enabled.  The selected
category is shown highlighted in the list.

![](Priority%20Categories%20Editor/Image003.png){border="0" width="655"
height="236"}

[Changing The Name]{.underline}

To change the name of a category, select the text in the **Priority
Name** text box located to the right of the **Select** listbox.  Changes
made to the name automatically appear in the Select listbox and are
applied upon clicking the Save button located at the top of the window. 

![](Priority%20Categories%20Editor/Image004.png){border="0" width="655"
height="230"}

[Ordering The Categories]{.underline}

The order in which the categories appear in the **Select** listbox is
the order they will  appear on the [Priority tab](Priorities.htm) of the
Premier Responder active call window.  Categories in the **Priority
Categories** list are not automatically sorted, but are ordered using
the **Up** and **Down** arrow buttons located near the top of the
window.  To move a priority up in the list, use the up arrow button. 
Use the down arrow button to move a priority down in the list.  The
buttons affect the selected category and stay enabled as long as it has
not reached its limit of movement.

[Assigning A Dispatch Code]{.underline}

When a category is selected in the **Select** listbox, its code appears
in the box labeled **Dispatch Code** .  If not empty, the code is
returned to CAD, otherwise the text of the node selected on the
[Priority tab](Priorities.htm) is returned.  Additionally, CAD can set
the dispatch priority remotely with the assigned code.  To change the
code for a category, modify text in the text box labeled Dispatch Code
located to the right of the **Select** listbox, and just below the
**Priority Name** text box.  Once the desired code is entered, click the
**Save** button. To clear the code, highlight the text and press the
delete button on the keyboard, then click the Save button.

![](Priority%20Categories%20Editor/Image005.png){border="0" width="655"
height="235"}

[Removing A Category]{.underline}

To remove a category, select it in the **Select** listbox and then click
the **Delete** button.  It is the button with an image of a red X on the
face.  The category is immediately removed from the Select listbox.
