  -------------------------
  **Software Activation**
  -------------------------

[Activation Dialog]{.underline}

When purchasing the software, a license with a fixed number of
activations is issued.  Until the software has been activated using the
license credentials, the first window to appear after launch of any of
the applications will be the **Premier Responder Activation** dialog
window.  Internet access is required to activate the software.  The
activation dialog window includes options for activating directly or
indirectly, the method used being dependent on whether internet access
is available on the host machine. A trial license is granted under which
the software can be evaluated for a period of 30 days using the trial
option.  Once the trial period  is expired the option is disabled. 
Closing the dialog window without activating aborts the launch of the
application.

![](Software%20Activation_files/Image001.png){border="0" width="498"
height="246"}

[Direct Activation]{.underline}

When internet access is available on the host machine the software can
be activated directly.  Selecting the **Activate Online** button opens a
subsequent **Activate Online** dialog window into which the license
credentials are entered.  Use the **Activate** button on the **Activate
Online** dialog window to validate the license credentials.  After the
license credentials have been validated, a final dialog window is
displayed indicating activation was successful.  Upon closing the
activation successful dialog the application loads.

![](Software%20Activation_files/Image002.png){border="0" width="427"
height="215"}

[Indirect Activation]{.underline}

When internet access is not available on the host machine, the software
must be activated indirectly using a machine that does have internet
access.  In this case, select the **Activate Remote** button to
subsequently open the **Activate Manually** dialog.  Validating the
license credentials from the **Activate Manually** dialog is a
multi-step process.

![](Software%20Activation_files/Image003.png){border="0" width="374"
height="355"}

Begin at **Step 1** by entering the license credentials and selecting
the **Generate Request** button.  At **Step 2** use the browse button to
locate your flash drive and set the path of the activation request file.
Selecting the **Save** button generates the activation request file on
the flash drive.

![](Software%20Activation_files/Image004.png){border="0" width="374"
height="355"}

Now take the flash drive to a computer with internet access and open
activation request file in web browser.  Internet Explorer is
recommended browser for doing this.  If content is blocked from loading
select option to allow blocked content.  Once loading is complete,
select File - Save As menu item and save XML license file to flash
drive.

![](Software%20Activation_files/Image005.png){border="0" width="688"
height="364"}

Complete Step 3 by taking the flash drive back to the host machine,
using the **Browse** button to locate the XML license file, and then
selecting the **Activate** button.  When the license credentials have
been validated a final dialog window appears indicating the activation
was successful.  Upon closing the activation successful dialog the
application loads.

![](Software%20Activation_files/Image006.png){border="0" width="374"
height="355"}
