  ------------------
  **Terms Editor**
  ------------------

[Terms Editor Window]{.underline}

The Terms Editor is used to enter the terms and abbreviations that
appear in the [Terms window](Medical%20Terms.htm).  To open the Terms
Editor select the **Edit - Terms** menu item on the **Premier Responder
Administrator** window.  The Terms Editor opens with the terms for the
current call type loaded.  Make another selection from the **Call Type**
drop down to see terms for the other call types.  The **New**, **Save**,
and **Delete** menu buttons are disabled for [call types whose content
is protected](Available%20Call%20Types%20Editor.htm).  Use the **Close
Editor** button to close the Terms Editor.

![](Terms%20Editor_files/image001.png){border="0" width="655"
height="229"}

[Abbreviations Tab]{.underline}

Abbreviations with their associated terms are entered on the
**Abbreviations** tab of the **Terms Editor**.  All abbreviations for
the specified **Call Type** are listed in the **Select** region of the
tab.  When an abbreviation is selected it is loaded into the **Edit**
region of the tab.  Changes made in the **Abbreviation** and **Term**
fields are entered using the **Save** menu button.  Use the **New** menu
button to create a new abbreviation/term.  The **Abbreviation** and
**Term** fields are set to default values.  To delete an abbreviation,
first select it and then click on the **Delete** button.

![](Terms%20Editor_files/image002.png){border="0" width="655"
height="504"}

[Definitions Tab]{.underline}

Terms with their associated definitions are entered on the **Glossary**
tab of the Terms Editor.  All terms for the indicated call type are
listed in the **Select - Term** drop down.  When a term is selected it
is loaded into the **Edit** region of the tab.  Changes made in the
**Term** and **Definition** fields are entered using the **Save** menu
button.  Use the **Create** menu button to create a new
term/definition.  The **Term** and **Definition** fields are set to
default values.  To delete a term, first select it and then click on the
**Delete** button.

![](Terms%20Editor_files/image003.png){border="0" width="655"
height="504"}

[Terminologies]{.underline}

Existing terminology categories for the selected call type are listed in
the **Terminology** drop down.  When a term is selected on either the
**Abbreviations** or **Glossary** tabs, the category it belongs to is
indicated in the **Terminology** box.  To move a term to another
existing category, make a different selection from the **Terminology**
drop down and then select the **Save** menu button.  A term can be moved
into a new category by entering a new name in the **Terminology** box
and selecting the **Save** menu button.
