  -------------------
  **Key Questions**
  -------------------

[Key Questions Tab]{.underline}

The **Key Questions** are the criteria used to determine the [dispatch
priority](Priorities.htm).  They are located on the **Key Questions**
tab and are associated with the [selected
complaint](General%20Questions.htm).  Responses to the key questions are
made by either a yes/no checkbox selection, a drop down list selection,
or a text entry.  Note that the text to the left of the answer box can
also contain hyperlinks.  Selecting a hyperlink performs an action such
as opening a procedure window or changing the complaint selection.  To
change the label or hide the tab use the settings for **Tab #2** on the
[Guide Card Tabs configuration
screen](Guide%20Card%20Tabs%20Settings.htm).  The key questions are
entered in the [Key Questions Editor](Vital%20Point%20Editor.htm) found
in the administrator application.

![](Vital%20Points_files/image001.png){border="0" width="697"
height="501"}

[Notifications To CAD]{.underline}

With a CAD system having an interface to Premier Responder, a
notification is sent when a key question entry is made.  Notifications
include a narrative that can be configured using the settings on the
[Key Question Narrative Settings configuration
screen](Vital%20Point%20Narrative%20Settings.htm).

[Rule of Nines Dialog Window]{.underline}

A hyperlink to the Rule of Nines dialog window appears as blue text. 
The Rule of Nines dialog window is used to determine the extent of burns
by checking the affected body regions in the given list.  As the boxes
in the list are checked or unchecked the **Extent of Burns** value is
updated.  This value indicates the estimated total of body surface area
burned.  Percentage values differ for adult, child, and infant
patients.  Use the **Patient** drop down to specify the appropriate age
group.  Selecting the OK button automatically enters the percentage
value into the answer box opposite the hyperlink.

![](Vital%20Points_files/image002.png){border="0" width="544"
height="400"}
